README.md, before:

![CI](https://github.com/lyrasearch/plugin-docusaurus/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?event=push)

# Docusaurus Lyra Search Plugin

## Usage

Install the plugin:

```bash
npm install --save @lyrasearch/plugin-docusaurus
```

```bash
yarn add @lyrasearch/plugin-docusaurus
```

Add the plugin to your `docusaurus.config.js`:

```js
plugins: ["@lyrasearch/plugin-docusaurus"];
```

## Testing the plugin Locally

This is a Docusaurus Search Plugin powered by
[Lyra](https://github.com/lyrasearch/lyra).

The plugin can be found in `./plugin-docusaurus`. A "fresh" docusaurus app can
be found in `./website` with the plugin configured.

To test running the plugin locally run:

```
npm i
cd website
npm run build && npm run serve
```

**Note** the plugin generates the search index in the `postBuild` lifecycle of docusaurus plugins. This only runs on production builds, not when running locally with a dev server. So search results will only be populated on production builds

You can use the watch scripts in the `plugin-docusaurus` package to recompile the source code for the plugin.

If you need search results you will need to re-run the docusaurus build and serve commands every time you make a change to the plugin. If you don't need search results you can just run `npm start` in the `website` plus whichever watch scripts you need from the plugin and you will get hot reloads in the docusaurus app.

# License

Licensed under the [Apache 2.0](/LICENSE.md) license.

Commit message:

feat: dev search added (#65)
* feat: dev search added

* chore: docs updated

* fix: base url moved to client side

* chore: docs and package.json updated

README.md, after:

![CI](https://github.com/lyrasearch/plugin-docusaurus/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg?event=push)

# Docusaurus Lyra Search Plugin

## Usage

Install the plugin:

```bash
npm install --save @lyrasearch/plugin-docusaurus
```

```bash
yarn add @lyrasearch/plugin-docusaurus
```

Add the plugin to your `docusaurus.config.js`:

```js
plugins: ["@lyrasearch/plugin-docusaurus"];
```

## Testing the plugin Locally

This is a Docusaurus Search Plugin powered by
[Lyra](https://github.com/lyrasearch/lyra).

The plugin can be found in `./plugin-docusaurus`. A "fresh" docusaurus app can
be found in `./website` with the plugin configured.

To test running the plugin locally run:

```bash
pnpm i --frozen-lockfile
pnpm run build-serve
```

**Note** the plugin generates the search index in the `postBuild` lifecycle of docusaurus plugins. This only runs on production builds, not when running locally with a dev server. 

In dev builds the search index is composed from the md files so MDX custom components may not be indexed properly. 

To test the plugin in dev mode run:

```bash
pnpm i --frozen-lockfile
pnpm run start
```

# License

Licensed under the [Apache 2.0](/LICENSE.md) license.
